In this final section
of the lesson,
you'll explore some
additional considerations
for building LLM
powered applications.
To begin, let's bring
everything you've seen
so far in the lesson
together and look at
the building blocks for
creating LLM powered
applications.
You'll require several
key components to
create end-to-end solutions
for your applications,
starting with the
infrastructure layer.
This layer provides
the compute, storage,
and network to
serve up your LLMs,
as well as to host your
application components.
You can make use of
your on-premises infrastructure
for this or have it
provided for you via
on-demand and pay-as-you-go
Cloud services.
Next, you'll include the
large language models
you want to use in
your application.
These could include
foundation models,
as well as the models you have
adapted to your specific task.
The models are deployed on
the appropriate infrastructure
for your inference needs.
Taking into account
whether you need
real-time or near-real-time
interaction with the model.
You may also have
the need to retrieve
information from
external sources,
such as those discussed in
the retrieval augmented
generation section.
Your application will
return the completions from
your large language model to
the user or consuming
application.
Depending on your use case,
you may need to
implement a mechanism
to capture and
store the outputs.
For example, you could build
the capacity to store
user completions during
a session to augment
the fixed contexts
window size of your LLM.
You can also gather
feedback from users that
may be useful for
additional fine-tuning,
alignment, or evaluation as
your application matures.
Next, you may need to use
additional tools
and frameworks for
large language models
that help you easily
implement some of the techniques
discussed in this course.
As an example, you can use
len chains built-in libraries to
implement techniques like pow
react or chain of
thought prompting.
You may also utilize model
hubs which allow you to
centrally manage and share
models for use in applications.
In the final layer,
you typically have some type of
user interface that
the application
will be consumed through,
such as a website or a rest API.
This layer is where
you'll also include
the security components required
for interacting with
your application.
At a high level,
this architecture stack
represents the various components
to consider as part of your
generative AI applications.
Your users, whether they
are human end-users or
other systems that access
your application
through its APIs,
will interact with
this entire stack.
As you can see, the model is
typically only one part of
the story in building
end-to-end generative
AI applications.
Congratulations on
making it through
the full generative AI
project life cycle.
Hopefully, you feel like you've
developed some intuition about
the important issues you
have to consider when
building applications
using LLMs.
This week, you saw how to align
your models with
human preferences,
such as helpfulness,
harmlessness,
and honesty by fine-tuning using
a technique called reinforcement
learning with human feedback,
or RLHF for short.
Given the popularity of RLHF,
there are many existing
RL reward models
and human alignment
datasets available,
enabling you to quickly
start aligning your models.
In practice, RLHF is
a very effective
mechanism that you can
use to improve the
alignment of your models,
reduce the toxicity
of their responses,
and let you use your models
more safely in production.
You also saw
important techniques
to optimize your model for
inference by reducing the size
of the model through
distillation,
quantization, or pruning.
This minimizes the amount of
hardware resources needed to
serve your LLMs in production.
Lastly, you explored ways that
you can help your model
perform better in
deployment through
structured prompts and
connections to external data
sources and applications.
LLMs can play an amazing role
as the reasoning engine
in an application,
exploiting their intelligence to
power exciting,
useful applications.
Frameworks like len
chain are making it
possible to quickly
build, deploy,
and test LLM powered
applications,
and it's a very exciting
time for developers.
To wrap up the course on TEA is
going to explore a few areas of
active research that
will likely shape
the trajectory of this field in
the coming months and years.